So here
we have this circle object with the radius property and the draw method.
Earlier in the course, you learned how to use the for in
and for of loops to iterate over the properties
in an object. So in this lecture I'm going to read this to you one more time to make sure you fully
understand how everything works. So first, let's take a look at
the for in loop. for let key
in circle with this we can iterate over all the
properties and methods of an object. Now we can
log the key on the console, so, we have
radius, and draw, and if you want to get the value of a
property, we use the bracket notation here. So as the second argument
here, we pass circle of
key. So we're using the bracket notation to get the
value of this key or this property. Save the changes
so you can see the value of radius is 1, and the value
of draw is a function. And here's the implementation of our draw function
or draw method. Now we also have this new
for of loop, let's take a look. So for
let key of circle
simply log it on the console, now when I save the changes, we're going to
see an error, circle is not iterable.
So earlier I told you that the for of loop can only
be used with iterables such as arrays and maps.
You have not learned about maps yet, you're going to learn about them later in the course,
what you need to know is that an object is not iterable, so we cannot
iterate it using a for of loop. However,
we have this method object
.keys. Of circle with this
we can get all the keys in our circle object, and this will return
an array. And since arrays are iterable. We can use
the for of loop to iterate them. Now save the changes,
again, we get radius and draw. Now let's
keep a closer look at this method here. So earlier you learned
that this object is a built in
constructor function. So somewhere we have this
constructor function like this, and whenever we create an object
using the object literal syntax, internally that is
translated into a call to this constructor function. So
when we create an object using the object literal syntax, like
this, value is 1, internally, that
is translated to a call to this object
constructor function. So that looks like this, new
object. Right? Also, you learned
that all functions in JavaScript are objects, so,
though they have properties and methods we can access using the
dot notation. So when we type object
. we can see all the properties and methods defined in this
object, so here we're using the keys method,
and this method returns a string array which contains all
the properties and methods in this object. We have another
similar method to object.keys. Let me duplicate
this, that other method is called entries.
So instead of returning the keys as a string array
it returns each value pair as an array. Let me show you.
So let's rename key to entry. And to do that we can press f2,
to rename all the references to this key variable.
Let's change that to entry, we can see that is updated here as well.
Save the changes. So you can see each entry
is an array, the first element in this array is the key, and the second
element is the value. So that is also
another way to get access to all the properties
and methods in an object. And finally sometimes you want to see if a
given object has a given property or method. To do that,
you can use the in operator. Here's an example. If
radius as a string in
circle would display a message like
yes. With the in operator
you can see if a given property exists in a given object.
Save the changes, so we get yes here,
if I change radius to let's say color,
we're not going to see the yes message now. Save the changes, yes disappear.
So the simplest way to enumerate the properties
in an object is using the for in loop, but we can also use the
for of loop along with object.keys, and object
.entries, and finally to see if a given property or method
exists in an object we use the in operator.